---
cover: /articles/hannah-olinger-8eSrC43qdro-unsplash.jpg
date: 2023-04-20
layout: article
---

# Deployment

Deploying a Nuxt 3 application to Netlify is a breeze. Just a few clicks and you are done. I wish I could give a few comments, but there is just nothing to say. It is that easy. Same goes for Vercel. And yet just a few clicks and this blog is successfully deployed to AWS with Amplify.

This is exactly what I needed for my blog as there is no need to spend time on some fancy design or have it hosted on a dedicated server. I just need a place to write my articles and share them with the world.

Mainly it will reflect my progress in Nuxt, Vue and other related technologies. I will also share some of my thoughts on the current state of the web development and the future of the web.

One of the main reasons I chose this format is that anything I throw in contents folder and commit to the repository will be automatically deployed to the website. This is a great way to keep track of my progress and share it with the community.

What is left for the next attempts is to figure out how to deploy a Nuxt 3 application to AWS lambda. I don't need it for the blog, but it would be nice to have a working example for future projects as I already have a hunch that Nuxt 3 will be a great fit for serverless applications and this technology is becoming more and more popular.

The easiest and most convenient was Vercel. I just had to connect my GitHub account and select the repository. Then I had to select the branch and the folder where the application is located. And that's it. The application is deployed and ready to be used. However, when I started chosing the domain name the options that Vercel offered seemed a bit pricey. So I decided to look for other options.

Netlify offered a bit more democratic price for the domain, however, I kept on looking for something cheaper and yet more scalable. I found AWS Amplify and decided to give it a try. It was a bit more complicated than Vercel, but I managed to figure it out. I had to create a new user in AWS, create a new repository in GitHub, connect the two and then connect the repository to Amplify. Then I had to select the branch and the folder where the application is located. And that's it. The application is deployed and ready to be used. The chosen domain name [thenerdlete.click](https://thenerdlete.click) is also quite a bit cheaper than the one offered by Vercel.

I have registered [thenerdlete.click](https://thenerdlete.click) with the Route 53 service of AWS and it took quite a bit of time before the domain name was available. I am not sure if it was because of the DNS propagation or because of the AWS services. I will have to investigate this further. After about 15 minutes the domain name appeared in the hosted zones of Route 53 and I was able to connect it to the Amplify application.

I rate my first experience with AWS as positive. It was a bit more complicated than Vercel, but I managed to figure it out. I am not sure if I will use it for my future projects, but I will definitely keep it in mind.
