---
cover: /articles/jess-bailey-q10VITrVYUM-unsplash.webp
date: 2023-04-13
layout: article
---

# First impression

After a few days of using Alpine, I can say that I'm very impressed. It's a very simple and easy to use theme. I'm not a developer, so I was a bit worried about the installation process, but it was very easy. I just had to run a few commands and I was ready to go. I'm very happy with the result.

However, my linter and formatter gave me a bit of a hard time when I tried to use the theme. I had to disable them to get the theme to work. Also mdx turned out to be much less intuitive than I thought. I had to spend a lot of time to get it to work. I'm not sure if it's because I'm not a big fan of documentation or if it's because I'm not used to using mdx. I'm sure that after a few more days of using Alpine, I'll get used to it.

## Settings

After adding the following to my setting, the formatter stopped destroying the beautiful initial layout of the theme and I could concentrate on my first blog post.

In `.vscode/settings.json` I added the following:

```json
{
    "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
        "source.fixAll.eslint": false
      },
      "editor.formatOnSave": false,
      "[markdown]": {
        "editor.defaultFormatter": null
      }
}
```

Adding pictures turned out to be much more simple than with the plain HTML. At tis point I started to like mdx more. It is indeed a great achievement to bring out blog creation to the masses. I decided to leave the starter articles in my blog as they will definitely help those planning to learn mdx and get into a habit of writing blog posts.

## Deployment on Vercel

I decided to deploy my blog on Vercel. I had to create a new project and link it to my GitHub repository. Vercel dashboard proved to be very intuitive and easy to use. I had to add a few environment variables and I was ready to go. I had to wait a few minutes for the deployment to finish, but it was worth it. I'm very happy with the result. Also, the speed of deployment is amazing. I didn't have to make a build. Immediately after making the initial commit, the blog was available on the internet.

# Conclusion

Although, the deployment was super fast and easy, I had to spend a lot of time to get the theme to work. Also, I still need to grock the contacts form. Probably, it was just left out as a template waiting for a php snippet to handle the form.